Updates xpack docs 7.16 (#1632)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: docs/dsl.asciidoc

[[dsl]]
=== Elasticsearch DSL

> The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-dsl-ruby[elasticsearch-dsl] gem provides a Ruby API for the https://www.elasticsearch.com/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/query-dsl.html[Elasticsearch Query DSL]. The library allows to programatically build complex search definitions for Elasticsearch in Ruby, which are translated to Hashes, and ultimately, JSON, the language of Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-dsl-ruby[elasticsearch-dsl] gem provides a Ruby API for the https://www.elasticsearch.com/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/query-dsl.html[Elasticsearch Query DSL]. The library allows to programmatically build complex search definitions for {es} in Ruby, which are translated to Hashes, and ultimately, JSON, the language of {es}.
```
